Automatic Desired Area Function for XYDelaunay (#27434)
idaholab/moose: framework/doc/content/source/meshgenerators/XYDelaunayGenerator.md

interior to that boundary which must be included in as output mesh
vertices.  Additional interior vertices can be automatically generated
by specifying a desired triangle area (either as a constant or as a
function of triangle center location that can be specified or
automatically generated).  Additional interior boundary "holes" can

> be generated from inputs from other specified "holes" mesh generators.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
be meshed by the mesh generators specified in the [!param](//Mesh/XYDelaunayGenerator/holes) vector parameter.
```

meshes with concave boundaries or poor nodal valences, and so it is
disabled by default for robustness.

The elements generated by `XYDelaunayGenerator` can be refined according
to a given maximum element area. This element area limit can be provided

> using one the the following three approaches:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
using one of the following three approaches:
```
